Add Fundraising Tiers (#11)
pytexas/pytexas.github.io: foundation/docs/sponsorship/conference.md

---
title: Conference Sponsorship

> description: Looking to sponsor the largest Python programme gather in Texas? Sponsor the PyTexas Conference and check out our prospectus.

Reviewer: Nit: "sponsor and check out" seems chronologically switched.

Reviewer 2: `Check out our prospectus and sponsor the PyTexas Conference.`?
`Check out our prospectus and sponsor the annual PyTexas Conference.`?

Author: Fixed

> description: Looking to sponsor the largest Python programme gather in Texas? Check out our prospectus and sponsor the PyTexas Conference.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
description: Looking to sponsor the largest Python programmer gathering in Texas? Check out our prospectus and sponsor the PyTexas Conference.
```
